Dear Business person ; Especially for you - this breath-taking 
announcement . We will comply with all removal requests 
. This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate 
bill 1623 , Title 1 ; Section 305 . Do NOT confuse 
us with Internet scam artists ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich within 45 DAYS . Have 
you ever noticed how many people you know are on the 
Internet plus more people than ever are surfing the 
web ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on this 
! WE will help YOU use credit cards on your website 
plus process your orders within seconds . You can begin 
at absolutely no cost to you ! But don't believe us 
. Ms Anderson who resides in Hawaii tried us and says 
"Now I'm rich, Rich, RICH" . We are licensed to operate 
in all states . Do not delay - order today ! Sign up 
a friend and you'll get a discount of 40% . Thank-you 
for your serious consideration of our offer . Dear 
Salaryman , Thank-you for your interest in our briefing 
! We will comply with all removal requests ! This mail 
is being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1622 ; 
Title 3 , Section 304 . This is not a get rich scheme 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
within 42 weeks ! Have you ever noticed nobody is getting 
any younger and society seems to be moving faster and 
faster . Well, now is your chance to capitalize on 
this ! WE will help YOU decrease perceived waiting 
time by 200% and use credit cards on your website ! 
The best thing about our system is that it is absolutely 
risk free for you . But don't believe us . Ms Anderson 
who resides in North Carolina tried us and says "Now 
I'm rich, Rich, RICH" ! We are licensed to operate 
in all states ! If not for you then for your LOVED 
ONES - act now . Sign up a friend and your friend will 
be rich too . Best regards ! Dear Salaryman , This 
letter was specially selected to be sent to you ! If 
you are not interested in our publications and wish 
to be removed from our lists, simply do NOT respond 
and ignore this mail ! This mail is being sent in compliance 
with Senate bill 2316 , Title 6 ; Section 302 . THIS 
IS NOT MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING ! Why work for somebody 
else when you can become rich as few as 11 MONTHS . 
Have you ever noticed the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents and the baby boomers are more demanding 
than their parents ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more and process your 
orders within seconds ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones of 
West Virginia tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all states . 
Do not delay - order today ! Sign up a friend and you 
get half off . God Bless ! 